If you cannot find shipment tracking information, please visit the Help page titled Tracking Information is Missing.
To track your cargo:
1. Go to My Orders.
2. Find the order you want to track.
3. Select Shipping Tracking next to the order.
To find the shipping company's contact information, select Freight Company Contact Information.
If the Amazon Marketplace seller has shared tracking information with Amazon and you have a shipment that offers tracking service.
If you have selected the method, you will also be able to track the packages sent by Amazon Marketplace sellers.
You can benefit from it.
Note: If your package shows as delivered but you haven't received it, Lost Shown as Delivered
Learn more on the Finding the Package page.
Note: Some packages cannot be tracked.
Independent businesses and individual sellers selling on Amazon are called "Marketplace Sellers". Which of your order?
You can check that it is from the seller on the My Orders page.
To track shipments from marketplace sellers:
The seller has sent the cargo tracking number to Amazon,
Your order must include a trackable shipping option.
You can use the Contacting a Marketplace Seller section to contact the seller.
Statuses available on the My Orders page include:
Estimated delivery: Indicates that it will be delivered on the specified date.
In Delivery: It shows that it is on its way to be delivered to you during the day.
Delivered: It means that the shipment has been delivered.
For solutions to common shipping problems:
Not shipped yet If you are waiting for the package today and do not see a status update, this is normal.
Depending on the shipping company, items may be shipped the same day they are delivered.
Shipping Delayed: Weather and traffic conditions may affect delivery. Delayed shipments usually arrive within 48 hours.
is delivered. Orders shipped cannot be cancelled.
I Can't Find My Shipment: If it shows as Delivered but you haven't received it, it shows as Delivered.
Check out the Finding Lost Boxes page.
There is a Missing Product: Some products may be in separate shipments. First check it on the My Orders page,
then check the Find the Item Missing from Your Package page.
To contact the cargo company, visit the Cargo Company Contact Information page.
8.07.2026 11:01
Track Your Shipment - Amazon Customer Service
https://www.amazon.com.tr/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GENAFPTNLHV7ZACW
1/1
