About Our Return Policies
Amazon as well as our Marketplace Sellers on Amazon.com.tr product category
Most products will be delivered within 14 or 30 days following the delivery date, depending on
accepts the return. You can find the current conditions on this page.
These conditions do not limit your legal right of withdrawal in any way. Details of your legal right of withdrawal Sales.
You can find it in our terms. Information regarding your legal right of withdrawal for Marketplace Sellers is available here.
You can find it in the sellers' Return Policy.
Return Conditions
The return period for a product shipped by Amazon may vary from the delivery date to some
14 days in some categories and 30 days in some categories.
To be sure of the return period of a product, please check the return period on the product detail page.
please.
In order for a product return to be accepted, the product must be unused and undamaged and the product must be in full condition.
It must be returned complete with its accessories and original box. Serial number or
Returns of any product with missing barcode (universal product code) will not be accepted.
Requiring installation and assembly (television, white goods, oven, etc.) and opened without the knowledge of the authorized service.
Products are excluded from return and warranty coverage. If these products are damaged or defective during unboxing,
If it is determined that there is damage, only after a damage assessment report is obtained from the authorized service.
Refund can be provided.
Devices that may contain your personal data, such as computers, digital cameras, mobile phones, USB memory sticks
It is your responsibility to delete all recorded data before returning it.
It is determined that you have returned an unusually high number of orders in violation of the return policy.
Amazon reserves the right to warn you and/or suspend, block or close your account.
keeps.
Whether a non-functional and/or defective product is eligible for return after the return period has expired.
You can contact Amazon.com.tr Customer Services to be determined.
If you are returning an item purchased from Marketplace Sellers, please contact the seller directly.
New or used items purchased from marketplace sellers must comply with that seller's own return policy.
subject. Go to the Marketplace Product and Refunds page for details.
You can visit the International Returns page for details on the return process of international orders.
To learn more about the return process for products classified as hazardous materials, visit Dangerous.
You can visit the Returns of Items page
Product Return Process
Go to the Returns Support Center or the My Orders page.
Find the product you want to return and click Return items.
Select the product to be returned and an appropriate reason from the Return reason menu.
Refund method: "To your original payment method" or "Refund as a Gift Card" as per your request.
move forward. In the next step, the shipping recommended for you according to the suitability of the products you want to return.
Choose one of the options.
From the Return/Refund Status menu on the My Orders page or to your registered e-mail address.
You can access the return code details from the information message sent.
Corporate Purchases can also be returned via the Online Return Center. Please follow the instructions in My Orders.
Return Shipping Fee
You can send the product free of charge with a contracted cargo shipping code.
If you choose to return the product with another cargo company other than the contracted cargo company offered to you
In this case, the shipping fee will be covered by you.
Depending on the size of the product you want to return, the seller, your address or the cargo company, Amazon will send you
The return method offered may vary and may be picked up from home by our contracted cargo companies.
service may not be available. When creating a return code, you can choose from the options offered in the Online Return Center.
8.07.2026 11:07
About Our Return Policies - Amazon Customer Service
https://www.amazon.com.tr/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GKM69DUUYKQWKWX7
1/2

you can choose one. About the steps to follow when it is the only option
You will be guided.
There is no contracted cargo company in the return options offered to you in the Online Return Center.
In case of a refund of the shipping fee paid by you, you can contact Amazon.com.tr Customer Services.
You can request a Gift Card by contacting us. Amazon terms of use of the Gift Card
You can see it on the Gift Card Terms and Conditions page
Refund Process
Refunds for products sent by Amazon will be made within 14 days at the latest and will be made automatically.
You will be notified via an e-mail. Bank within 7-10 business days after the refund is made.
You can see the relevant refund amount in your account or credit card statement. Made to Amazon Gift Card balance
It may take up to 4 hours for the refund to be reflected in your account. In some cases, refund processing times may be longer.
It may be long. Learn more about our refund policies and the time it takes for your refund to be reflected in your account.
You can visit the Refunds page or contact Customer Services.
Refunds for purchases made in installments are paid to the bank all at once, but your bank will transfer this amount to your credit card in installments.
returns it accordingly.
What to do if the return is rejected
The returned product that is not accepted on the grounds that it does not comply with the return conditions will be sent back to your address.
Amazon.com.tr Customer Service within 30 days after you are informed about this matter in order to be sent.
You should contact their services. If you do not contact us within the specified 30-day period,
We would like to emphasize that the product will be destroyed and cannot be sent back to your address.
No compensation is offered for incorrect products sent to Amazon and Amazon will find and refund the product.
does not guarantee.
Non-Returnable Products
The following products cannot be returned within the scope of the right of withdrawal. Cases where the product is defective are reserved.
After delivery, the protective elements such as packaging, tape, seal, package have been opened and returned to the health and hygiene standards.
Products that are not suitable for use (cosmetics, personal and health care products, perfumes, shavers,
breast pump, headphones, underwear, swimsuit/bikini, etc.)
Products made according to the customer's special requests or clearly customized to personal needs
Products that spoil quickly or expire quickly
The price of which varies depending on fluctuations in financial markets and is not under the control of the seller.
products (gold, silver, etc.)
After delivery, it is placed in a material environment with protective elements such as packaging, tape, seal, package etc.
books, digital content and computer consumables (e.g. downloadable or downloadable items such as DVDs, CDs, tapes)
replicable software products; Prepaid game cards such as World of Warcraft, Xbox 360 Live, Wii Points;
Microsoft Office open box products and Video Games).
Please note that the explanations regarding the right of withdrawal above also apply to our Return Guarantee.
Don't forget.
Return Policy for Amazon Warehouse Products
Amazon Warehouse products are items that were damaged in the warehouse, returned, unboxed, or second-hand and the seller
These are products that are in Amazon Warehouse. For more information about Amazon Warehouse products, Amazon
You can visit the warehouse page.
To get more information about Amazon Warehouse products, you can visit the Amazon Warehouse page.
It is determined that the purchased product is defective after the 30-day return period has expired.
In this case, you can get a refund of the amount you paid when purchasing. Amazon's second hand product
Liability for defects regarding warehouse products is 1 year from delivery.
Since each product sold within Amazon Warehouse is unique, exchange options cannot be offered.
For matters other than Amazon Warehouse-specific return conditions, our Return Policy also applies to Amazon Warehouse products.
is implemented.
8.07.2026 11:07
About Our Return Policies - Amazon Customer Service
https://www.amazon.com.tr/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GKM69DUUYKQWKWX7
2/2
