Transaction Guide
Click here for steps and detailed information about ordering from Amazon.com.tr.
you can reach.
Steps to follow to order
1. Add items to your cart
If you are looking for a specific product, type a few words in the search box and click on the magnifying glass icon. Matching results
will be shown.
We share all information about that product on the product's detail page. You can find the information you need on the product detail page.
If you can't find it, you can search online to research the product or find the manufacturer's contact information.
Select the quantity of the product you want by clicking the "Add to Cart" option on the right side of the product detail page.
You can add it to your cart. You can also click the "Buy Now" option on the right side of the product detail page.
You can proceed directly to the payment page by clicking.
2. Enter your shipping and payment information
Before Shopping:
To add and manage your addresses:
1. Go to Account & Lists > My Addresses page.
2. Do one of the following:
To add a new address, select Add address. Order using the new or changed address
For your security, you will be asked to confirm your payment card number.
To edit or delete an address, click “Edit” or “Delete” under the address you want to update.
select.
To set a default address, select the relevant link below the address.
When you edit an address on the My Account page, the shipping address applicable to open orders or a Wish List is
does not change. To learn about how to modify your wish list, visit the Creating Your Wish List page.
visit.
You can add or update payment tools by selecting Account & Lists > Your Payments.
To manage payment instruments:
1. Select My Account - Your Payments in your profile.
2. Do one of the following:
To add a payment method, click “Add a payment method” and enter your card information.
To edit or remove a payment instrument, click the down arrow next to that payment instrument.
and select either Edit or Remove.
3. Follow the on-screen instructions.
While Shopping: After reviewing the items in your Shopping Cart, proceed to the checkout page. Payment
to do:
1. After reviewing the items in your Shopping Cart, click Complete Order.
2. If you want, you can log in to your account or create a new account if you are ordering for the first time.
3. Enter the delivery address.
4. Select a delivery method.
5. Enter your payment information.
6. Review your order information. Gift cards or promotions you want to use in your order
Don't forget to enter the codes.
7. Click Buy Now.
3. Check your order confirmation
When you place an order for a product from Amazon, we provide you with confirmation that we have received your order and
We will send you a message with details ("Order Confirmation"). If you are using the Amazon Mobile App,
8.07.2026 11:13
Transaction Guide - Amazon Customer Service
https://www.amazon.com.tr/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=Tto0ZccH40buW22IL6
1/2

You can view the relevant Order Confirmation in the Message Center in your Account. The product is about to be sent to you
When we complete the shipment, you will receive an automatic e-mail stating that we have shipped the product to you (Departure Confirmation).
you will receive. You can also view this Departure Confirmation in your Message Center. More than one package of your order
You may receive a separate Departure Confirmation for packages if they are shipped in bulk.
Accessing the contract and information regarding the order
To access the details of your order and manage your order, go to My Orders in the “My Account” section.
You can find cargo tracking information in your order information. If there is more than one item in your order, each item's delivery
Date and cargo tracking information may be different. To track your cargo:
1. Go to the My Orders page.
2. Go to the order you want to track.
3. Click the Shipment Tracking button next to the order.
The agreement you have accepted by placing an order is subject to the Amazon.com.tr Terms of Use and Sale - Amazon Customer
You can access the services at.
Changes to order content before completing the order
don't do
To update information such as payment method before completing your order, go to the Account and Lists heading.
Click and select the title you want to change.
To change the quantity of items or delete items, select My Shopping Cart.
You can change your payment instrument during payment or in the "Your Payments" section, or make a new payment if you wish.
You can add the tool.
You can change your delivery preference (Express Delivery/Standard Delivery) at checkout.
Once the order is placed, we cannot change the address of your order or add a new product to its content. But
If you want, you can cancel all or part of the order before it ships. Your address change request,
It may be possible through the relevant cargo company after the product is on its way. Any changes regarding your address change
If you have questions, contact the cargo company.
You can only edit your orders on the payment page. If the item is still in your shopping cart and the payment
If you haven't:
1. Go to the My Orders page.
2. Select the order you want to change.
You can edit your billing address, payment method and other information before placing an order.
Except to cancel your order in whole or in part after you place an order (cancel only
You cannot make changes (in cases where you have the right).
When editing orders with an installment payment plan, the payment plan for each shipment under the order
You must re-select the option and payment plan period and submit.
You cannot ask the seller to change the shipping address after you place your order. delivery address
If you need to update and the product has not yet entered the shipping process, you must request cancellation and reorder.
You must give.
Our privacy rules regarding the processing of personal data
Your personal information; To communicate with you about your product and service purchases, to improve your Amazon experience
We use it to improve, personalize and comply with legal obligations. How do we collect your personal information?
You can find more information about what we use in our Privacy Notice. Additionally, how you process your personal data
Information about how we collect, use, transfer and protect How Amazon Handles Your Personal Information
Uses? - Via the help topics that appear on the left under the Amazon Customer Services page.
you can reach.
We use your personal data to show you advertisements about features, products and services that may be of interest to you.
we use. You can find more information in our Interest-Based Promotions notice.
We use cookies and cookies to enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide you with our services.
We use other identifying information. Please read our Cookies Notice for more information.
8.07.2026 11:13
Transaction Guide - Amazon Customer Service
https://www.amazon.com.tr/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=Tto0ZccH40buW22IL6
2/2
