Find the Missing Product in Your Package
If you received a package and one of the items in your order is missing, the item was sent separately.
maybe. See the My Orders page.
Find the missing product shipped by Amazon
If you receive your shipping package and an entire item shipped by Amazon is missing, do the following:
1. Go to the My Orders page and check if the missing item is in another shipping package.
2. Select Cargo Tracking and check the delivery date of the cargo.
3. If there is no tracking information for the missing item, Customer Service will assist you. Otherwise, on this page
You can follow the suggestions.
Find a missing item shipped and sold by a third-party seller
If the item missing from your package is sold and shipped by a third-party seller, contact the seller for assistance.
contact us. See the Contacting third-party vendors page.
How to identify shipments sent by sellers by going to the ordering page from a third-party seller
Learn how to.
Part of an item is missing
Double check the packaging to verify that the part is not in the product packaging. If you can't find it, for help
Contact the manufacturer of the product.
Manufacturer contact information can be found on the product packaging, in the documentation provided with the product, or by searching the internet.
can be found.
If you can't find their contact information or they can't help, you can return the item. You can also return the product to us.
You can. Go to the My Orders page and select Return or Exchange Item.
The entire shipping package is missing
If the tracking information shows delivered but you can't find the package, learn more
Visit the Find a lost package that shows as delivered page for.
If the tracking information shows undeliverable, visit the undeliverable packages page.
You received an empty package
If your order has been shipped and sold by a third-party seller, contact us directly for assistance.
contact the seller. Visit the Contact a Marketplace seller page.
If your order is shipped by Amazon, within 30 days of the expected delivery date
Contact Customer Service. We will do our best to help.
Didn't find what you were looking for? Try these pages:
Track Your Package
Your orders
Message Center
8.07.2026 11:04
Find the Missing Product in Your Package - Amazon Customer Service
https://www.amazon.com.tr/gp/help/customer/display.html?ref_=hp_left_v4_sib&nodeId=GBMLFNK3RUBUAYTX
1/1
