Report a Violation to Amazon
In case of violation of the law, please inform us by filling out the form in the link below.
As a rights holder or representative of the rights owner, you are responsible for a product on the Amazon.com.tr website.
violates applicable laws or violates the intellectual property rights of a work on the Amazon.com.tr website.
If you believe that your rights (e.g. copyrights, trademarks or patents) have been violated, please notify us.
Please fill out this form to: Amazon.com.tr illegality notification.
At Amazon, we are very sensitive about preventing any violations and will respond to your report.
be returned as soon as possible by taking appropriate measures, including removal of the content or product.
We would like to state that we will return. The measures in question, apart from those we have suggested, do not constitute any legal
shall be commenced without declaring liability and without prejudice to any existing claims, rights or remedies. notification
Use relevant information to process your notification to Amazon.com.tr and its affiliates by submitting the form
You do it justice. This right includes notification form to all persons involved in the submission of allegedly infringing content.
It also includes the right to communicate.
Information regarding offers from third parties: Offers from third parties (e.g. Marketplace) are for mention only.
The subject is provided by the provider, and Amazon only provides the website in such cases.
If you believe that any offer made by third parties violates your rights, remove the offer
For other precautions, please contact the provider directly.
ASIN and 10-digit ISBN numbers: The ASIN (Amazon Standard ID) of each product in our catalog
There is a ten-digit internal product number referred to as However, this numbering is limited to book and audio.
It does not apply to cassettes/CDs. ISBN (International Standard) used worldwide for such products
We use numbers called Book Numbers). ISBN, such as books and multimedia products and software
used for identification of other independent publications with editorial sections
is the number. The ISBN number is usually found on the book's label or back cover.
Important: Providing false or misleading information via "Notification of violations of law to Amazon.com.tr", private law
and/or may lead to criminal law sanctions. Any content based on false or misleading information
Its removal will not constitute acceptance of any legal liability. Providing incorrect information to us
We would like to state that we reserve the right to assert all our rights and demands. Your questions on this subject
Please consult a lawyer.
Please only use this reporting form. So that we can process your notice appropriately
Please make sure you enter the information completely as we will need as much information as possible.
Be.
In addition: If you are not the owner or the owner's agent under the affected property right,
Amazon will not be able to track the notifications you submit via the form provided. In this case, the following and
Please inform us of any problems experienced in the communication channels that should be followed:
If you are a seller, you can fill out this notification form and report offers that you find inappropriate, other sellers, violations of policies.
You can report situations such as this to us. To report "What's the problem?" under the heading "Violations
Select the "report" subheading.
If you are a buyer, you can fill out the contact form and receive information about the order, violation of seller policies, etc.
You can send your problems to us. For notification, “How can we help you?” under the title
Click on the problematic product under the "Select more items related to your problem" subheading. later
Select the "Problem with the order or product" heading under the "Select problem details" subheading.
Choose the one that best suits you from the options.
8.07.2026 11:11
Report a Violation to Amazon - Amazon Customer Service
https://www.amazon.com.tr/gp/help/customer/display.html?ref_=hp_left_v4_sib&nodeId=GPB6E9Q3G6EXLEJN
1/1
